
This directory contains all of the graphs that are used in the paper
``Genetic Algorithm for a Special Class of the Quadratic Assignment
Problem,'' by T. N. Bui and B. R. Moon, DIMACS Workshop on QAP and
Related Problems, 1993.

These graphs include all of the graphs used in D.S. Johnnson, C.R.
Aragon, L.A. McGeoch, C.A. Schevon's paper "Optimization by Simulated
Annealing: An Experimental Evaluation, Part 1, Graph Partitioning,"
OPEARATIONS RESEARCH 37 (1989), 865-892.

There are 5 classes of graphs in all.  The $Gn.p$ and the $Un.d$
graphs are courtesy of David S. Johnson.


1. $Gn.p$: a random graph on $n$ vertices with edge probability $p$.
           E.g., G1000.01 is a 1000-vertex graph with p=.01.

The graphs in this model are generated as follows.  Start with $n$
vertices.  Put an edge between any two vertices with probability $p$,
independent of all other edges.  The expected vertex degree is thus
$(n-1)p$.


2. $Un.d$: a geometric random graph on $n$ vertices and expected degree $d$.
           E.g., U500.10 is a 500-vertex geometric graph with
           "expected degree" 10. 


Graphs in this model are generated as follows.  Pick $2n$ independent
numbers uniformly in the interval (0,1), and view these as the
coordinates of $n$ points in the unit square.  These points represent
vertices.  Put an edge between any two vertices iff their Euclidean
distance is $t$ or less.  Note that for points not too close to the
boundary, the expected degree will be approximately $nt^2\pi$.


3. cat.$n$ : a caterpillar graph on $n$ vertices with each node on the
             spine having degree 8.

E.g., a caterpillar graph in which each node on the spine has degree 6
(or 6 legs).

  \|/  \|/         \|/  \|/  \|/
   *----*--- ....---*----*----*
  /|\  /|\         /|\  /|\  /|\



rcat.$n$ : a caterpillar graph on $n$ vertices with each node on
           the spine having degree $\sqrt{n}$.


4. grid.$n.b$ : a grid graph on $n$ vertices whose optimal bisection
                size is $b$.

   w-grid.$n.b$ : same as grid.$n.b$ but the grid has wrapped around
                  edges.


5. breg$n.b$ : a regular random graph on $n$ vertices in which each
               vertex has degree 3 and the optimal bisection size is
               $b$ with high probability, i.e., probability approaches
               1 as $n$ approaches infinity.

E.g., breg5000.8 is a cubic random graph on 5000 vertices and whose
optimal bisection size is 8 with probability $1-o(1)$.

Please see the following reference for details on how this class of
graphs is generated.

Bui, T. N., S. Chaudhuri, F. T. Leighton, and M. Sipser,
``Graph Bisection Algorithms with Good Average Case Behavior,''
Combinatorica, Vol. 7, No. 2, 1987, pp. 171--191.



===========================================================================
The format for the test graphs is as follows:

Vertex Name  (Coordinates)	Degree    Names of adjacent vertices

(For the $Un.d$ graphs the coordinates are the actual coordinates of
the vertex, and the coordinates are 0.000000,0.000000 for all other
graphs. )

If you just want graphs to test then ignore the (coordinates) section
in C code this is %*s for this part or use an editor to remove them 
from your copy of the file.


See Johnson et al's paper and Bui and Moon's paper for the best known
solutions to these test problems. 

===========================================================================

Thang N. Bui
5/25/93


============================================================
input data는 
<그래프정점 / (x좌표, y좌표) / 연결된정점수 / 연결된정점들의List>
로 이루어져있다.
 
